Hey it's at this stage I thought I'd pop in and show my face and my
very pink polo shirt and explain firstly well done!
We're 75 videos into Battle Tank already! The end isn't really
in sight, it's a long section. Hopefully you're learning tons about Unreal,
tons about C++, tons about game software engineering in general. I hope
you're enjoying it! I'm certainly loving the challenge of teaching it! Talking about
challenges of teaching, right now we're in a situation where I've
lead you into a corner with regards to our architecture. We have
architectural problems! I've engineered these in, I'm afraid, they weren't there in the prototype
but it's for a purpose. In reality, in fact, when we were building the prototype,
we ended up in situations like this where we have spaghetti-fied our
architecture and we need to do major refactoring. And
real world refactoring is, it can be hard, and I
want to, in the next couple of videos, show you a very cool
approach to actually refactoring a big piece of code, in a way that will keep you
sane. So this is going to be fun! Now the analogy is, in fact, a friend of mine is postman
came in today and said, Ben, how's work going? I'm like, well it's going well, but this is really
hard to teach. He goes, well what are you teaching? Well he doesn't know about coding, so what I said was
imagine you went and learned how to build a brick wall, in college, they would
assume that you're building on a perfectly solid foundation, and they'd teach you all these techniques to build
walls and arches and all the rest of it, very nice. If you went and had an apprenticeship,
with an actual brick layer, what would happen one day is you'd be building this wall and the ground would
subside and the wall starts to fall over. How do you deal with that? That's what we're teaching
here! In reality, you are going to engineer yourself into a corner with your architecture
and you're going to have problems like this and your wall is going to start to lean, and I'm going to show
you how to systematically approach that, how to work out what dependencies
to change first and how we can do a refactor in a way that won't
drive you nuts. We're going to make sure that while we refactor to our
target architecture, your code stays as close to compiling as possible,
so that you can keep compiling, keep checking you're on track, keep committing your work,
and keep moving forward. Because trust me, doing a huge architecture change and a
massive recompile can be really really frustrating, because you
sometimes feel like you're getting nowhere, you get lost, you lose track, it's a nightmare.
So bear with me over the next couple of videos, where we work out exactly the right
order to tackle this sort of messy architecture, and while we're at it, you'll learn a whole
load of other useful techniques for diagnosing problems, spotting things that
may go wrong. So it's going to be fun, pay attention, and I'll see you in there!